.Guidelines for coding video data from soc_ref_uncert experiment 1 in Datavyu

1st pass: code onset/offset for phases as follows:

look, there's a /__  here... can you put the __ in the bucket?/ begin slide...end slide/child touches object/child puts object in bucket/

Phase 1 begins with the beginning of the utterance of the target label and ends when the experimenter touches objects to begin slide/ the end of the word “bucket”.

Phase 2 begins at the beginning of the slide/end of the word “bucket” and ends at the end of the slide (i.e., experimenter slides object into child’s reach/experimenter clearly ends contact with object). If the experimenter is holding two objects and she lets go of them at different times, end phase 2 when she lets go of the second item (i.e., both hands are free of the object).

Phase 3 begins at the end of the slide and ends at the child’s first touch of an object (does not necessarily have to be the object they end up putting in the bucket).

Phase 4 begins with the first touch of an object and ends with the child releasing grasp of the object into the bucket. If they put more than one object in the bucket (whether unknown or known, correct or incorrect), code the end of phase 4 when the child releases the first object into the bucket.

2nd pass: code number of looks and exclusions for each phase

Count the number of times the child looks all the way up to the experimenter’s face during a phase. Looks that begin/end outside of the current phase are included. If the child’s eyes flicker away for a moment during a look but do not come to rest somewhere other than the experimenter’s face, it should be coded as only one look. 

***UPDATED CODING SCHEME FOR EXPERIMENT 2***
In the second pass, also code for number of questions and statements of uncertainty in each phase.
-Number of questions: Count the number of times the child asks a clarifying question to the experimenter about the identity of the objects before them. This could including asking the experimenter to distinguish between two objects, or asking the experimenter to repeat the name of something that they are unfamiliar with. Questions that are not meant to resolve uncertainty should not be counted, for example: “Should I put the apple *and* the lion in the bucket?” Questions that are unrelated to the task should also not be counted. Questions that begin/end outside of the current phase are included. 
-Number of Statements of Uncertainty: Count the number of times the child vocalizes a phrase that makes their uncertainty evident, such as “I don’t know which one the blicket is”. Statements of uncertainty that begin/end outside of the current phase are included. Statements of uncertainty unrelated to the task are not included.
-Exclusion criteria: Because questions are being accounted for, DO NOT exclude phases in which the child looks at the experimenter because the experimenter is vocalizing to answer a question or statement of uncertainty. DO exclude phases where the experimenter vocalizes without being prompted by a child’s question or statement of uncertainty. 

